## 📝 Weeknotes #2 - Building the habit

Already felt like skipping due to a busy week and feeling like there's not much to report. but I'm always doing stuff!

## This week

Looking back at last week's todos:
* I have all my recruiting documents approved and budget code in hand. I started filling out the system form for a new vacancy and got stuck on an administrative question on Friday afternoon, so that'll have to wait until Monday to hit go (and start more internal HR and finance approval processes before it goes live)
* I had an informative meeting about the best way to frame the Portal paper for Portfolio Board, which was very useful. Will be doing a new proposal rather than a change request of an older paper. Seem overly ambitious that it would be ready for September, so now aiming for October.
* There's a new Student Hub release on our UAT environment, but I didn't get around to start testing. That is time-sensitive as I have a demo on Wednesday, so I'll probably do some work on that on the weekend.
* Haven't made any progress on CDR work, so again weekend or Monday, as the meeting is on Tuesday

I often have meetings to progress issues or get more information. This week's were:
* clarify requirements around fixing some problems with student access to Student Hub, particularly around when they stop being registered students in SITS (but still should have access)
* Informational demo about Microsoft 365 capabilities, which will be relevant in a few ways for Portal

## Next week
* Student Hub UAT
* CDR
* Student Union setup on Student Hub, and general check-in with SU
* Student Experience and Engagement Network demo of new Student Hub features for new academic year

Cheers,  
ST